Update "Python: Random Module" + existing term entries (#570)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/random-module/terms/randrange/randrange.md

---
Title: '.randrange()'

> Description: 'Generates random numbers from a defined range of int values.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Selects a random number from a defined range of int values.'
```

  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> The `random.randrange()` function selects a random number from a defined range of `int` values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.randrange()` method selects a random number from a defined range of `int` values.
```

> The `random.randrange()` function generates random numbers from a defined range of `int` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `random.randrange()` function selects a random number from a defined range of `int` values.
```

Reviewer: I'd link to range, but I don't think we have an entry for it yet.

Author: That was exactly my thought when I was looking at this file. 😄

## Syntax

```pseudo

> random.randrange(start, stop, steps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
random.randrange(start, stop, step)
```
